12 in high
what's up guys big west GJ here what's
going on um this video as you guys can
tell from the title is all about my
favorite iphone apps and the
applications i use on a daily basis the
ones that I use the most you guys have
the option make sure to watch us in high
quality it's so much better than low
quality I look all grainy and pixelated
and weird so do that if you guys can
definitely makes the quality of the
video a lot better so I am going to go
ahead and switch to my other view the
one I'm using all the time now we're you
can see my hands and you know it's
really bad because my iphone is way too
far away and you can't really tell
because it's not focused in yeah that
view so hopefully works a little bit
better this time alright guys so
switching so hedging run through all my
applications like I said stated before
and just ones I use on an everyday basis
so hopefully these guys will this might
help you guys out and maybe buying some
applications that you don't have yet
they can sum up because there are a lot
of good things for the iphone that I
know with so many applications it's hard
it's easy to be confused and not get all
the ones you might want so let's run
through all my folders in order and i'll
just show you guys the ones I use the
most often so enough work real quick
here sorry if this board to you guys I'm
kind of running out ideas I know lots of
people do app reviews so I'm trying to
do something a little bit different so
yeah tell me feel like it if not that's
cool too all right the one I really use
the most probably out of this folder I
use a 33 or my main ones log me in I use
all the time it's good it's a really
good VNC client it costs thirty dollars
in the app store but of course i got
from install euless for free when I was
going to connect to my computer through
any signal using edge or 3g um it's
pretty slow with edge though so i would
recommend 3g usually will boot you off
if you're on edge but it's nice because
you can connect without having a Wi-Fi
signal which is pretty cool and i can
show people video or picture stuff like
that that are on my computer that i
could not shown through my iphone any
other way so i used it logged me in a
lot and like I mentioned before install
euless a good way to get any application
you want for free it's an awesome app
def and recommend it only for jailbroken
iPhones of course newsstand it's really
good
all your RSS feeds I currently subscribe
to a few gadget RSS feeds so yeah I use
that a lot I love check that out for
sure it definitely has a cool view of
how to check your RSS feeds mail is also
really nice I'm on me all the time lots
of people complain about the iphones
email system but i happen to like it i
think it's pretty functional works good
for me so you know can't really complain
mail and maps I definitely use maps a
lot sometimes I'll have to search on my
iPhone places that my gps won't even
pick up so I phoned owes good for that
kind of thing now let's get into the
social folder there's only two here that
I use a lot and that would be twinkle on
facebook the other ones I use sometimes
every night every now and again I'll use
effort which is allows you to draw
pictures and send people all over the
world earth escape is pretty cool just
allows you see photos taken from people
from all over the world and beejive IM
is definitely a great instant messaging
client it incorporates aim windows
messenger of all that stuff but it's
definitely the best format i love i love
beejiveim very nice when I feel like I
aming on the road which is not often I
really get into my misc folder it's
miscellaneous stuff so but I can open
that because it's things that doesn't
really fit into any other folder go
ahead and go to media real quick and I
love my media folder it is probably one
of my favorite folders that I use a lot
mxtube is a great application allows you
to download video straight from youtube
to your phone and it's usually a lot
faster than streaming them even but so
it's a great tool if you ever have a
funny video that you find on youtube and
you want your friends to see it like i
have a well some that i cannot name
right now but like the girls squishing
the grapes and fat lady falling off
table all that kind of stuff that you
know just funny videos that you can show
people photos definitely pull that up
all the time you guys know that
winterboard is good for customizing your
iPhone quick is great for streaming
video to your iPhone really nice and
pandora if you guys have not checked
this out definitely check out pandora it
is one of the greatest musical
applications i've ever used really helps
you
for new music and increase your song
library it's really nice so make sure to
check that out guys alright let's move
to the last folder my games folder
alright wait for this load real quick
here all right and here are all my games
I have quite a few games but the ones I
play the most or definitely tap tap
revolution love that solitaire I'll play
whatever I get a free moment i'm feeling
like maybe give my brain a little bit of
a challenge real soccer 09 i love that
well I don't love it I don't really play
it too much but it's definitely a good
this great graphics and is one of the
it's a great application for the iPhone
especially for soccer I was really
impressed with it place smiles every
once in a while it's pretty good game
pretty a good way to waste time hero
Sparta I loved until I beat but the
games are probably play the most the
three games they play the most out of
any game on here as at this point our
cube runner which I can't get enough of
I have to constantly keep trying to beat
my best score so amazing i love that
game crash cart which is great gap
graphics and is so much like mario kart
that it's just amazing and super ball
too is great for whatever you have about
five you know five to ten minutes to
waste and you just need something to do
real quick nobody to talk to pull up
super ball two two great pong
applications for the iphone it's amazing
way better than astro until in my
opinion so make sure you guys check
those out of course i use all my quick
tip applications quite a bit weatherbug
spooktacular settings newsstand mobile
news maps mail and calendar and these
down here but those are pretty basic so
I hope that helps you guys out I hoped
you may have found some applications
that you didn't have before mhm xml
watch out for a few more vids from me i
don't know how much longer I'm going to
be trying to do this iphone related
videos but i'll keep it up for a little
while at least so make sure to you know
keep watching subscribe comment you know
leave love alright have a good day guys
but was busy my mommy kiss
confusion occurs coming up in the cold
world daddy around probably i'll commit
felony my favorite rap you soon check
check out my melody i wanna live good